welcome ladies and gentlemen to another
edition of the most consistent politican
dedicated uploads in youtube history
that's a Sean's view entertainment on
youtube com make sure to like this video
and subscribe with a major backstage
update as concerns a wrestle mania 30
it's been a lot of talk a lot of rumors
a lot of speculation quite frankly over
the last several weeks come concerning
wrestlemania 30 a lot of changes a lot
of mix-ups a lot of exchanges a lot of
details now there's been a lot of
changes like I said to Wrestlemania 30
plans within the last week alright so it
just gives you uh you know a little
glimpse of what the W start process is
right now remember if it suit me and
usually has four major WrestleMania
matches kneel down so far he has yet to
have any confirmed now Triple H's
WrestleMania matches has already been
changed multiple times from facing Stone
Cold all the way to John Cena word now
and this is the most updated plans
according to pw inside of the link de
saucé the proof is in the description of
this video word now is that they are
building towards a rematch between
Triple H in CM Punk at Wrestle Mania 30
well you know what this would be awesome
because CM Punk would finally get the
retribution there would finally be
retaliation and I'm pretty sure this is
where Triple H would lose to CM Punk and
I want to be so mad and I want to be so
distraught that Triple H already beat CM
Punk in the past because of CM Punk to
face Triple H at WrestleMania and for CM
Punk to defeat him at WrestleMania 30
would be monstrous it would be huge
because quite frankly it would not make
any sense for Triple H to defeat CM Punk
at WrestleMania unless he wants to get a
lot more heat on him for being the
crooked COO of the company but I think
that this is great news this is an
awesome opportunity for CM Punk the
straightedge savior of the world and you
know the but the bottom line is Triple H
and CM Punk they do have chemistry
they've had good matches in the past and
I'm sure with this match taking place at
WrestleMania it would definitely blow
the
fourth of New Orleans your comments in
your opinions in would you want to see a
match pitting CM punk vs. Triple H and
it almost seems as if that's the
direction that they are going in now
that the Wyatt family in the shield are
involved in this whole a storyline /
feud subscribe